# FoodApp

Date: 02/10/2021 Team Member: Hengxuan Dong, Nina Nha Vuong, Zhi-Zhan Jiang Github: https://github.com/nhavuong/FoodApp

Introduction: Because of Covid-19 impact, mobile ordering and payment is the safest one for everyone when they want to order food since it involves little to no human contact. That has accelerated adoption by both restaurants and consumers. Giving the changing scenarios, largely, consumers have come to expect the ability of a restaurant to allow them to place orders online. Using an online ordering mobile app will not only ensure that the restaurants are able to survive the pandemic but also prepares them for future demand. People are going to get habituated of the convenience and safety that this model provides, and thus, would prefer engaging with restaurants brands that provide online ordering and doorstep delivery options.

Functions aimed: Based on the local restaurant website (https://ninavuong.github.io), our group will build an mobile app that user can: Place an order: give users the features of search and filter for online ordering. Cart modifications: users are able to adjust items added in cart already. UI should be able to reflect the changes immediately. Real-time Tracking and Updates: allow users to track their order and keep them updated when the status or ETA changes. Payment gateway integration: use Square API to create easy payment integrations. Give users the freedom to make payment through wallets and cards when they place an order. QR code: scan to directly access to the app Extra functions: Sharing, Reward points collecting, Contacting, etc.
